Of course that's all great.
But now we also need to take a city name and go to some kind of web service where we can actually then
well check it or basically get our data for this Tauriel for this course.
I do use open a weather map that org which is a free service you can use.
You have to sign up to gate get your AP key which you need to make calls to your to this API.
But once you've got this key and you will find it in your dashboard once you signed in you can go to
the API documentation.
We're going to use the current web or data API.
But of course feel free to play around with that.
And here in the API docs you'll learn how to make requests.
Now we're going to make a very basic request there and chest queried their server and pass a city name
to get the weather for the city name.
And as it's just said you will also have to pass the app ideas so your API key which again you'll find
in your dashboard if you sign in order here to sign up depending on whether you have account an account
already or not.
And just as I said it's free to use.
So it is always a service I'll be using.
And for this of course I also want to well make a request to the service that could do this in this
final year.
But hey we're using much a lot of code here.
So let's create a new fall and I'll name it HTP chase it does fall I'll trade to logic to make just
request and handle the response.
I want to create a class here and I'll name it HTP.
So if this new class keyword does a class should have a static method because I don't want to instantiate
this class and I'll name this method fetch data but this will just be a helper class with this helper
method.
Now fetch data should get the euro should you or else should use.
Because we need to pass as well because this will contain or a city name.
Of course we could all just pass the city name and construct to you are all in here depending on how
you want to write to us.
Now in this static method what I want to do is I want to use promises or a promise because of course
the fetching of the data is an asynchronous task.
We're not getting it back immediately.
It will be pretty fast but it's not synchronous.
So for asynchronous tasks as you'll learn in this Course promises are great to be use and therefore
here I will simply return and you promise and this new promise as we learned here will also use effect
aero function takes two inputs two arguments to resolve and they reject method and again using a Fed
function.
You're here is to code what I want to do when I well create this promise which I of course do all the
time here is since I'm returning it.
Well I want to create a new constant HTP which should be my Exham Al HTP request.
So this is just built in SML HTP request object which allows me to create such an A-check such an asynchronous
HTP request.
I'll then open this request and I'll open with like get my foot.
Since for always getting data here.
I'm not passing this as a variable.
Of course you could write a much more generic HTP service here but I'm going to stick with get that
I'm passing to you well to which I want to open this request.
So if the request being opened it's not sent yet and we're not handling any response that we're getting
.
So therefore I need to add my own ready state change event handler and here all use a normal function
BLOCK So and then I want to check if my ready state Buchwald's Exham Oh HTP request done.
And that's just normal javascript HTP such.
I'd say the ready state of DHP or of the ex-MIL HTP request object is a number and they can also check
that against the number here like 0 0 0 or something like that.
But Exham alleged Shippey request done and so on are just some variables basically saving those numbers
so that we have a more explicit way of using this or more readable way.
Basically what I'm doing here is I'm just checking if the request is done.
So if we've got a response and then if we do have response if the status quo is 200 which would mean
everything is OK and that is the case that everything was successful.
Also handle the fact or the case that at the snarfed not successful also only to check if my ready state
is well done because otherwise I don't want to handle the error or which isn't an error just because
it's not done yet.
So I have to check if it's done.
And in this case I want to do something else.
So let's start the good case here first we're getting back the response and everything is fine.
In this case I got my response data.
And this will just be some date I get back and I will use the both and Chaisson object to parse that
data and to basically extract the doctor couldn't word to date I get back into a chalice object.
So hearable X is my response text and response text like do you ready state and so on that are all just
properties under X amount HDP request object on this both in object of course.
Now why am I using Jason Parus here.
If you have a look at the API documentation you'll see how the API will respond.
And that will send us back Jason by default and we'll get back.
Does Jason strain.
So of course chastens a string but of course we want to use both a javascript object and top of the
string and with checks and Parus we can basically take as Stream which almost looks like a shallow script
object anyways right to Jason and can convert it into a real challenge object with which we then can
work but we can access properties and so on.
So that's what I'm doing here.
I'm taking the Jason string and I'm creating a channel strip object off it.
So nomics to have my extract the response data which will be a channel strip object at the end and then
I call my always solf method because remember we're inside the promise so I'm resoldering because we
were successful and I want to pass my response data with that.
Well resoldering here.
If we reject it or if we are not successful then I'm rejecting this promise here and call the reject
method and I'll just pass something went wrong.
So here.
But using both resolve and rechecks to handle well the success and the Aurora case and with that I'm
almost done.
But of course I want to expose this class to other modules.
Therefore I will use the export keyword of course and to make sure that this will work later on.
We also have to call HTP send here to actually send the request because right now we're only opening
it and we're listening to any changes.
But we're not sending it.
So that's definitely important to include